v1.15 Changelog (#2370)
mattermost/mattermost-mobile: CHANGELOG.md

# Mattermost Mobile Apps Changelog

## 1.15.0 Release
- Release Date: December 16, 2018
- Server Versions Supported: Server v4.10+ is required, Self-Signed SSL Certificates are not supported unless the user installs the CA certificate on their device

### Combatibility

 - Mobile App v1.13+ is required for Mattermost Server v5.4+**

### Highlights
 - Added mention and reply mention highlighting.
 - Added a sliding animation for the reaction list.
 - Added support for pinned posts.

>  - Added support for jumboemojis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Added support for jumbo emojis.
```

# Mattermost Mobile Apps Changelog

## 1.15.0 Release
- Release Date: December 16, 2018
- Server Versions Supported: Server v4.10+ is required, Self-Signed SSL Certificates are not supported unless the user installs the CA certificate on their device

### Combatibility

 - Mobile App v1.13+ is required for Mattermost Server v5.4+**

### Highlights
 - Added mention and reply mention highlighting.
 - Added a sliding animation for the reaction list.
 - Added support for pinned posts.
 - Added support for jumbo emojis.
 - Added support for interactive dialogs.
 - Improved UI for the long press menu and emoji reaction viewer

### Improvements

>  - Added the ability to include custom headers with requests.

Reviewer 2: this is with custom builds

>  - Added support for clearing notifications from a specific channel.

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't say support, this should be a statement: Push Notifications are grouped by channels are cleared once the channel is read, or something like that

>  - Added support for auto-reconnecting when unable to reach the server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Improved auto-reconnect when unable to reach the server.
```

Reviewer 2: @amyblais this should be address before merging

 - Added support for changing the mobile client status to offline when the app loses connection.
 - Added 'View Members' button to archived channels.

>  - Added support for keeping the postlist in place without scrolling when new content is available.

Reviewer 2: this is iOS only

### Bug Fixes
 - Fixed an issue where clicking on a file did not show downloading progress.

>  - Fixed an issue where deleting a post caused an app crash.

Reviewer 2: the previous release did not have this issue, so we can remove this one

 - Fixed an issue on Android where on fresh install the share extension would not properly show available channels.
 - Fixed an issue where recently archived channels remained in in: autocomplete when they had been archived.
 - Fixed an issue where text should render when no actual custom emoji matched the named emoji pattern.

>  - Fixed an issue where attempting to create a channel with an existing name blanked the modal.

Reviewer 2: same with this one

 - Fixed an issue on iOS where text got cut-off after replying to a message.

>  - Fixed an issue on Android where the share extension did not properly show available channels on a fresh install.

Reviewer 2: duplicate

 - Fixed an issue where search modifier for channels was showing Direct Messages without usernames.
 - Fixed an issue where "Close Channel" did not work properly when viewing two archived channels in a row.

>  - Fixed an issue with "Critical Error" screen when trying to upload a file from "+" to the left of message input box.

Reviewer 2: certain file types

>  - Fixed an issue on iOS where text was being cutoff after replying to a message.

Reviewer 2: duplicate
